# SignRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**is_document_preparation_needed** | Option<**bool**> | Indicates if the sender should receive a `prepare_url` in the response to complete document preparation using the UI. | [optional]
**redirect_url** | Option<**String**> | When specified, the signature request will be redirected to this url when a document is signed. | [optional]
**declined_redirect_url** | Option<**String**> | The uri that a signer will be redirected to after declining to sign a document. | [optional]
**are_text_signatures_enabled** | Option<**bool**> | Disables the usage of signatures generated by typing (text). | [optional][default to true]
**email_subject** | Option<**String**> | Subject of sign request email. This is cleaned by sign request. If this field is not passed, a default subject will be used. | [optional]
**email_message** | Option<**String**> | Message to include in sign request email. The field is cleaned through sanitization of specific characters. However, some html tags are allowed. Links included in the message are also converted to hyperlinks in the email. The message may contain the following html tags including `a`, `abbr`, `acronym`, `b`, `blockquote`, `code`, `em`, `i`, `ul`, `li`, `ol`, and `strong`. Be aware that when the text to html ratio is too high, the email may end up in spam filters. Custom styles on these tags are not allowed. If this field is not passed, a default message will be used. | [optional]
**are_reminders_enabled** | Option<**bool**> | Reminds signers to sign a document on day 3, 8, 13 and 18. Reminders are only sent to outstanding signers. | [optional]
**name** | Option<**String**> | Name of the signature request. | [optional]
**prefill_tags** | Option<[**Vec<models::SignRequestPrefillTag>**](SignRequestPrefillTag.md)> | When a document contains sign-related tags in the content, you can prefill them using this `prefill_tags` by referencing the 'id' of the tag as the `external_id` field of the prefill tag. | [optional]
**days_valid** | Option<**i32**> | Set the number of days after which the created signature request will automatically expire if not completed. By default, we do not apply any expiration date on signature requests, and the signature request does not expire. | [optional]
**external_id** | Option<**String**> | This can be used to reference an ID in an external system that the sign request is related to. | [optional]
**template_id** | Option<**String**> | When a signature request is created from a template this field will indicate the id of that template. | [optional]
**external_system_name** | Option<**String**> | Used as an optional system name to appear in the signature log next to the signers who have been assigned the `embed_url_external_id`. | [optional]
**r#type** | Option<**String**> | The value will always be `sign-request`. | [optional]
**source_files** | Option<[**Vec<models::FileBase>**](File--Base.md)> | List of files to create a signing document from. This is currently limited to ten files. Only the ID and type fields are required for each file. | [optional]
**signers** | Option<[**Vec<models::SignRequestSigner>**](SignRequestSigner.md)> | Array of signers for the signature request. | [optional]
**signature_color** | Option<**String**> | Force a specific color for the signature (blue, black, or red). | [optional]
**id** | Option<**String**> | Box Sign request ID. | [optional]
**prepare_url** | Option<**String**> | This URL is returned if `is_document_preparation_needed` is set to `true` in the request. The parameter is used to prepare the signature request using the UI. The signature request is not sent until the preparation phase is complete. | [optional]
**signing_log** | Option<[**models::FileMini**](File--Mini.md)> | Reference to a file that holds a log of all signer activity for the request. | [optional]
**status** | Option<**String**> | Describes the status of the signature request. | [optional]
**sign_files** | Option<[**models::SignRequestAllOfSignFiles**](SignRequest_allOf_sign_files.md)> |  | [optional]
**auto_expire_at** | Option<**String**> | Uses `days_valid` to calculate the date and time, in GMT, the sign request will expire if unsigned. | [optional]
**parent_folder** | Option<[**models::FolderMini**](Folder--Mini.md)> | The destination folder to place final, signed document and signing log.  When this value was not passed in when the signature request was  created, then we will use a default folder which is either the parent folder of the first source file in the payload if we have the permission to upload to that folder or a folder called \"My Sign Requests\". | [optional]
**collaborator_level** | Option<**String**> | The collaborator level of the user to the sign request. Values can include \"owner\", \"editor\", and \"viewer\". | [optional]
**sender_email** | Option<**String**> | The email address of the sender of the sign request. | [optional]
**sender_id** | Option<**i32**> | The user ID of the sender of the sign request. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


